Hello to all, and welcome, we are in Poland, Katowice
Behind me is a huge beautiful stadium where IEM - Intel Extreme Masters takes place.
Now World of Tanks is playing and the best teams from all over Europe are fighting for a lot of money.
Here's the cold winter!
But inside it is hot! So let's go inside to see how it goes.
We are inside, -10 degrees outside, and +50 inside.
The crowds are coming, there will be over 22,000 people sitting here and cheering for the players, a very busy weekend awaits us.
Intel Extreme Masters with Wargaming and World of Tanks, here in Katowice.
Welcome to the second day, the final day!
The day is almost over, and as you can see, it was an exhausting day.
So many crazy things have happened, but now the grand finale is finally knocking at the door.
We have two amazing teams here - Evil Panda Squad - EPS, and Odem Mortis, who are going to fight a lot, a lot of money now.
Oliver "Laughter": If you want to do this, you have to be in a position where you can light it up.
Steven "Dreams": He was lit, they knew he was there.
Oliver "Laughter": Tomasz was now mercilessly focused.
Steven "Dreams": He got a big blow, 700 damage and then ... No, he got him AMX 13 90
Oliver "Laughter": He didn't hit, but Dr_Tuer is lit and grabbed one shot, the other, and down.
And god_runze goes around the corner and the Potomac.
don't give it, 199 points down ...
Steven "Dreams": Maybe too aggressive, 24 HP left ...
Oliver "Laughter": NewMultiShow tries to save the day and ...
Steven "Dreams": ... and saved him!